[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> This is a pentagon that is
in opposition to the structural
formations and principles that
hold cohesion to a society.
The five sides of our pentagon
represent war, famine, plagues,
pollution, and
natural catastrophes.
These are the fastest
and most effective
ways to bring about a
breakdown in society
and a mass depopulation.
Most of these are now
active in our times.
And this whole pentagon of
destruction is underway.
This is a clear signal that
we are in the Kali Yuga.
We have already
entered the twilight
of the end phase of this
cycle of human development.
In terms of military
weaponry, we
are able to emulate all
of these natural changes
and natural catastrophes.
Pollution, of
course, is something
that we all have
become aware of.
But even after the last 60
years of this awareness,
no real moves have
been taken to stop it.
Famine and the power of famine
is constantly being increased.
Even with science and
technological advances,
we see an intensifying in
the tendency towards famine
and starvation in the world.
Science has also contributed
to the principle of destruction
with the manufacturing
of biological weaponry.
With this pentagon, we can see
that this sort of information
exists in ancient
texts and alerts us
to the effective use of
symmetry and diagrams
for conveying conceptual ideas.
It shows the way that we
can move between mythology,
mathematical and
geometric symbolism,
mythological symbolism, and
other information structures.
Doing this will help
us think in terms
of ideas from the past and
present circumstances as well.
Perhaps like the Kamutef, which
is an epithet of the Egyptian
gods Amun and Min,
this way of thinking
can aid us in considering
possible futures.
The pentagon holds the entire
geometry of the golden mean.
The golden mean
is the ratio which
can produce a series
of numbers in which
the small and the
larger part have
the same relationship to each
other as it does to the whole.
This is the geometry of
the transcendent potential
of the manifest world.
The proportion of the golden
mean goes in two directions.
We have passed from the
world of the absolute unity
to the created world.
And we've included
the manifestation
of mind, the existent
manifestation,
and the manifestation into
the three-dimensional world.
It goes one more stage to
lead to the fourth power.
Then the proportional
relationship stops.
It is no longer in a
relationship of this
is to this in the same
way that this is to that.
It ceases to be the three-term
proportion of individual parts
to the whole, smaller
to the larger, larger
to the next larger,
larger to the whole.
This idea necessitates that we
posit an experiential dimension
outside of the manifest
world, above it,
as well as the intellectual
process within.
Interestingly enough,
it does the same thing
in the opposite direction in
what we call the "inverse."
Remember, any number is really
a number that stands over 1.
And its inverse is
when 1 stands above it.
So every number and its
inverse goes back to 1.
1 over phi to the
fourth power is
the process of
not having a state
of being with its inverse.
Once again, these
are all in line.
The ratio ceases to be a
proportion after four levels.
All this knowledge
on a mechanical level
is held within the reproductive
image of the pentagon.
The pentagon, of course,
also holds the pentagram,
which is the image
that is associated
with the proportions of man.
Since we have started to talk
about the origins of gnosticism
and the beginnings
of Templarism,
the inverse pentagram
holds the head
of the deity called Baphomet,
who is the figure of worship
for the Templars.
This is the warning that
while the figure that
encloses humanity holds both
all the creative powers of light
and order and
purity and balance,
It also holds in its
inverse the complete image
of darkness and disruption.
With the pentagon,
we are remembering
that Isis refertilizes
herself with the phallus.
This implies the
reproductive composition
held within the head of
the phallus as a pentagon.
Again, the transparency between
geometry and biological form
continues.
As we know, the central
offices of all branches
of the US armed forces are
housed within the Pentagon
in Washington, DC.
Washington, DC, may be the
esoteric capital of the world.
There are thousands of
examples of ancient geometry
and mythological
imagery scattered
throughout the district.
One such example of this is
an image of a Greek zodiac.
This design shows Hermes,
Zeus, and Aphrodite,
the three main characters
in Greek mythology,
encircled by the 12
signs of the zodiac--
Capricorn, Aquarius, Pisces,
Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer,
Leo, Virgo, Libra,
Scorpio, and Sagittarius.
Hermes, on the right,
represents wisdom, knowledge.
He is similar to
Vishnu in that he
is the principal figure of
cohesion in the maintenance
of form, order, and continuity.
The figure in the
middle is Zeus.
He is the image of hierarchy,
the god of militarism
and government through
force and power.
Aphrodite, on the left,
represents not only
love and beauty but also the
manipulation of those factors,
as is evident in our society,
where sexuality and beauty are
used as a system of
distraction and manipulation
of human energy.
Hermes points with his right
hand to the astrological sign
of Pisces, the age
that we are presently
in in terms of the
procession of the equinoxes.
The sun will move out
of Pisces after having
spent the entire era
of Christianity--
2,160 years-- in that sign.
When the age of
Pisces comes to an end
as a major celestial influence
on human life and the Earth,
we will then pass into Aquarius.
Zeus, god of the sky and
thunder, holds a staff,
his right hand pointed
above between the signs
of Scorpio and Sagittarius
at nearly the exact position
of the center of the Milky Way.
In 1998, the sun went
past this exact point
that Zeus is pointing to
and moved from Scorpio
into Sagittarius.
The number 1,998 is 37 times 54.
It's also symbolically
3 and 7, the number
which defines important
intervals in the Yuga.
Additionally, the slope
of Zeus's right forearm
is in direct alignment
with the anti-center
of the galaxy, which occurs
between Taurus and Gemini.
Furthermore, the
left heel of Hermes
is implanted exactly in the
shoulder blade of Taurus.
And that is the exact position
of the beginning of the Kali
Yuga.
This is particularly
significant,
not to mention
astronomically accurate,
as it is in direct relation
to the Indo-Iranian god
Mithras, who commonly is
depicted slaughtering a bull.
In this image, Mithras
is seen arching
the head of a massive bull back
toward him with his left hand
while stabbing the beast
in the neck with a blade
held in his right hand.
The Greek Hermes
is his counterpart,
an exact analog to Mithras.
We see where the heel of Hermes
is planted into the shoulder
blade of Taurus, the bull, as a
representation of the beginning
of the Kali Yuga in 3606 BC.
That 504-year period from
approximately 3606 to 3100 BC
is the time frame in which
archaeologists believe
that Stonehenge was
built. It is also
a time during which there was
a planetary alignment of all 14
planets, when the desert
bifurcation of the Middle East
and North Africa began,
as well as the formation
of the Egyptian empire.
It is the time that
astronomers recognize
that a group of
asteroids entered
the outer ranges
of our solar system
within the orbit of Pluto and
have been working their way
towards the sun ever since.
Those asteroids are called
the Taurid asteroids
because they emerge out of
the shoulder blade of Taurus.
And they are expected to
be within the Earth's orbit
at the end of the Kali Yuga.
Does all of this mean
that the human race
will suffer a catastrophe
at the end of the Kali Yuga,
at the end of the great cycle?
Evidence in the
Puranas may suggest
something quite different.
We have been looking
at the possibility,
especially with the large
amount of symbolic and geometric
knowledge that is found
in the plans, monuments,
and architecture
of Washington, DC,
that there is a power
elite which has somehow
gotten the hold of the
knowledge of the Yugas.
This is a very threatening
and challenging thought
because with the
existence of a power elite
comes an almost supernatural
impetus to the utilization
and employment of hierarchical
power over generations
of mankind.
Perhaps this is happening
again with the rumors of a very
advanced secret space program.
We have reason to believe
that the power elites maintain
a deep understanding of the
real Yuga system, the one
that we have been presenting
throughout this series.
If they know that the
end of the Kali Yuga
is coming, if they know that the
sun will eventually supernova
as described in
the Vishu Purana,
might they be taking
serious measures
to protect themselves
and their assets.
Perhaps just like what is
described in the Puranas
is reoccurring now.
If the many rumors of a
secret space program are true,
perhaps the elites
are building arks
to eventually leave this earth.
We know that there is
photographic evidence from NASA
and the European
Space Agency which
indicates that in the
past there may have
been some sort of
intelligent habitation
on Mars and on the moon.
Maybe these are the
places where the survivors
lived between the Yugas over
the course of 60,000 years.
On Mars, it appears
that there may
have been a settlement,
which may have endured damage
from a comet or an asteroid.
It even appears that
there are monuments
on Mars which resemble
those that are in Egypt.
A lot of this is speculation.
A lot of this is conjecture.
But there are photographs
that can hardly
be explained in any other way.
There is also evidence in the
form of computerized imaging
which may show underground
structures found on Mars.
Perhaps this is
where humans can stay
so that they are protected
from the solar storm
at the end of the Kali Yuga.
Perhaps this is also the
reason for the deep underground
military bases here in the
United States that began
construction in the 1960s.
Maybe some of the elites plan
to go underground here on Earth
to avoid their own demise.
But if the cataclysm
is as bad as the Vishnu
Purana seems to describe,
then going underground
will not help.
It would seem that
one would have
to leave the Earth completely
in order to survive.
That could perhaps explain the
existence of a secret space
program, as well
as provide a motive
for constructing such a program.
Photographs taken by NASA
show many odd features
on the lunar surface.
These appear to have
been intelligently
designed many years ago.
If they are what
they seem to be,
it is very likely
that these were built
by humans in a distant age.
Just as we have entered outer
space near the end of the Kali
Yuga, perhaps in the past we
achieved even more advanced
technology.
We have seen the evidence
of this civilization
on both the moon and Mars.
Perhaps they came back
here some 60,000 years ago
and created our human race
with Osiris as the archetype.
Now they are most likely
leaving once again.
The elites must somehow be
financing a secret space
program to leave
the planet behind.
Perhaps this is where all of the
money in the black operations
budgets have been going.
With this final act, they
believe that they will survive.
So taking the cyclical nature
of the Yugas into consideration,
the idea being
expressed here is that
in the future, some humans--
namely the power elite--
will attempt to
escape destruction
by leaving the Earth.
For approximately
60,000 years, they
will live on another
planet altogether
while the Earth heals itself
from the previous kalpa.
And perhaps during
that time, they
will devise the next human.
We can see from this series
that time and space are
part of a continuous
cyclical interaction that
both creates and destroys.
The destiny of the human
race is a vital aspect
of this process of creation.
By understanding
the cycles of time,
we can speculate that
a new human archetype
will emerge at the beginning
of the next maha-kalpa.